# CS230-Wiki
Item 1:
A. Company Name - Voltra
B. Long-Term Vision Statement - Our main goal as a tech startup is to become the leading company in which sustainable energy systems are used/developed among other big name companies and are sourced by us. In the next couple of years, we envision a world where businesses, corporations, households, etc., are utilizing our advanced energy systems and can be accessible to a wide variety of customers with different plans that fit your needs best. We are eager to develop our technology exponentially in order to provide the most efficient energy systems at affordable prices. It is important as a company within our niche to educate communities about our product and establish a mutual understanding of our affordable plans as well as how their transition to renewable resources will be. The beginning of Voltra originates from a personal experience in our household where electricity was constantly being used at all times and the bills were rising non-stop. This sparked a new interest and passion as I recognized a significant problem within our household as well as amongst my local communities such as the neighborhoods, residential buildings, commercial buildings, etc. Electricity is a need for every individual that lives or works under a roof, meaning this market can constantly be improved and sold to consumers. Our main purpose is to provide affordable plans while also providing one of, if not the most efficient renewable energy systems across the market. Our values include mutual trust, sustainability, innovation, and dependability. Voltra's mission is to advance solar and energy technology to its full potential, breaking limits and ultimately contributing to a healthier planet while also remaining accessible and affordable to our targeted consumers. Of course, with any starting company, there remains questions that have yet to be answered such as "How will Voltra be able to ensure accessible and affordable plans to everyone?" or "In what ways will Voltra be able to educate all of their consumers?". We aim to constantly innovate and be able to answer these questions through our actions which all begins with advancing our technology to its full potential as a start.
C. 
